So let's talk about adding context
into our state machine and
updating that context using
the Assign Action Creator.
So the first thing we want to
do is add the initial context.
And of course we don't
know what the title is.
We're just going to keep it undefined.
So title undefined are this undefined and
duration zero, lapsed zero.
So you could set these to whatever initial
values make sense for your application.
Like status right now
it's just unliked and
volume we'll just set it
to a default level of 5.
So now we actually want
to modify this data.
So just for example in the loaded
action we have this assigned song data.
So if we go here and we assume that
the event looks like this with loaded,
we see that we have three things that
we could pull from the events that
we could assign to context, the title,
the artist and the duration.
So Our assign function is going to
take both the context and the event.
So over here we could
just read event.title.
And then we could do the same
thing with artists and duration.
And then we also wanna
reset the elapsed and
the like status values,
where this is gonna be unliked.
All right, so
over here we have an example of these
values being sent directly to the service.
And so if we go over here,
we see now that we have,
actually nothing quite loaded yet.
So Let's check in just to
make sure that all right,
yeah, we're on main js.
And we're setting that loaded event.
That loaded event is going to
assign all of that song data.
Let's see.
And so, when you're debugging too
you could also just add console.log
here like I like to do.
[LAUGH] And yeah so,
Yeah it says here and so,
it should be assigning that song data.
So let's just make sure it's
getting the right thing.
You could also log the context of the
events context of events just making sure
we're sending the right event over.
So the events is loaded.
Aha, yeah so
this data is gonna be in the events.data.
And that's just because of
how our event is structured.
And so
I saw that just by console.logging, and
looking at the events and
noticing all this stuff is inside data.
And that's gonna be important for
later too when we start
talking about invocations.
So don't make the same mistake I did yeah.
And so now we have the song title,
the song artists, the duration loading or
the duration there and while this is
actually a combination of duration and
elapsed.
And you could see down here that
we're actually setting like for
example, the scrubber input
value to the elapsed time and
we're also setting the inner HTML
of this elapsed outputs too.
In this case we're doing elapsed minus
duration just because that's a nice
convenient way to combine
to combine both of those.
But yeah, you can see that we
are reading from context and
putting it directly on the screen.
And so you're essentially going to be
doing this for all of the actions.
And so if you got through a few of these,
hopefully at least the first one then
you pretty much have the hang of it.
Because they're all pretty
much the same technique.
And so when we go to main.final and
use that in our application,
now you see that we have
the like status working.
So if you click here that heart should
show or the dislike status, and
that's going to actually
change to the next song too.
And it's going to be loading which
is why those buttons disappeared.
But yeah, so
all of that is working so far.
And yeah, so you should be able to see
data on here, shown from the context.
The question was will there
be time in the course just
talking about updating X
dates context with immer.
So one of the other ways that
you could assign context is by
passing in a function directly.
And this function takes the context and
the events and
it sort of acts like a mini reducer.
And so you could return some sort
of updated context over here.
Now, because you could do this,
you could use immer's produce
in order to do the same thing.
This is an exercise left
to the reader though.
There's also an x state immer package
that I recommend you take a look at.
Which has this built in for you but
it is pretty straightforward to
use the produce function from immer
directly in the assign function.
And you can even do it with
the object syntax over here.
So if I have like title or
just something else I could use immer.
So I could use produce right over here.
So that's just something to keep in mind
if you want to use immer with X date.